when you move to a new place. Oh, are in the process of moving to a new
place. A lot of it's very formalized. S o. You know, there's definitely
a procedure for doing it if you stay organized than very few things
really willful. Uh, you do need to think about the important papers
that you're going to take with you. That could be a bit. That
can be a bit cumbersome if you realize that you needed something and
then you ended up packing it away. Because once you send your stuff
away, you're not going to see it for a decent amount of time. How long
it takes you to move. So So just anticipating the things you're
gonna need now your new duty station before your household goods shipments
arrive is a good thing to think about